all right what's going on everyone swan
here and today we're gonna be doing some
you know it seems like we did this map a
lot but we really in reality haven't
done this map in probably three weeks or
something i don't know i haven't played
this on 34 on a long time in these open
lobbies and we just watched face black
lose and get cake designer champs which
sucks but uh phase red still in so
they're competing for the million by now
you already know if they want or not so
i don't know why i am you been talking
about this but anyways here we are we're
gonna do some e and we're gonna do first
game we're just going to like play all
the time at 92 night after that before
us going to set it to like one kill kill
game then we can hit a few more shots
for the video so it's one of the
beginning you should run benign I said
no be hey Sam Batman even is free throw
oh I meant to say 18 min of the bay oops
let me cut that out it's gonna it's also
in FFA what am I saying oh shoot gotta
trick my class hey wait oh my gosh it's
difficult this is a different y'all
don't using the charge filled with your
secondary yes it's a little bit she look
like commander making protect yo no way
you know what uh oh my gosh I'm gonna
turn on you so bad oh you know what's
actually hilarious I exporter did you
watch comedy shorts gamer and chaos eyes
video with the raw both videos yeah
watch comedy shorts that would you
rather one deji's video yeah it was so
funny the rock is hilarious oh he's so
funny he's just so natural on camera
he's just hilarious it's funny I can't
wait to latch on Syria shattered holy
shit I haven't seen dude I haven't seen
like any of the fast and furious I've
seen like maybe one I don't know why but
I need to weigh the the the trailer
first seven I know that's crazy show on
dude hilliman they're all
so I know I really want to watch them
right now because like I songs every
time they got in the collar it's up to
28 double 2624 oh my gosh no someone in
my tracks back I couldn't rule did so
many like oh oh yeah I was like like
freaking out yeah yeah someone invite
him back I'm like I'm trying to get to
last oh I can't even hardscope dude I
might my aim is just hot someone to
stand on dude I've oh my gosh I pause it
oh my gosh dude I drank way too far like
I don't even know do not you that uh
Holly not use an XP are dude I'm doing
so bad I feel so bad for my new purse I
swear my little friends watching the
video I'm sorry I'm so bad there we go
here we go we're gonna get off
oh my gosh dude I've died from mears oh
so much the style sensation oh my gosh
dude someone just let me kill that all
right just just let me get a kill I'm at
the bottom of the scoreboard almost
almost at the bottom dude I give up Kim
fucking dude i'm skipping i'm skipping
in the video until i get to last ok
unless someone's a shot ok no strong but
I call it I didn't even get the last
dude I don't know my gosh hey i called
it shut up i hate you can I hate you why
oh shoot I don't know what the feeling
is like hitting utama problem oh yeah
that's the first one I've ever heard of
either match or music stops all right
well anyways I was a really cool first
shot but we're gonna hit a few more so
we're gonna oh no oh he hit me yeah I
guess so on right oh that was ok oh ok
how did this my honey go straight up
into my nuts i straight up my life this
is just a straight tomahawk lobby I also
like the wheeler spot too
I'll shot the letter oh my god what oh
what oh my god no I should it won't hit
me on the window oh my yes your PR me it
was a be a silencer much a serious that
just made no sense